Department of Recording Arts Studio Sign Out Sheet - DRA SSOS
by Andy Spillman andy@andyspillman.com




Standard semester setup procedure is as follows:

On faculty tools page, make any desired changes to rooms: timeblock length, add/remove, visiblity

Upload Roster.

Under semester setup, select a room, and carefully semester start and end dates as YYYYMMDD.  I didn't add much data-checking to this.  Forgetting a digit could potentially cause the script to generate a huge database of timeblocks spanning many centures, which could take up space and potentially cause other problems.  The idea is to use a semester at a time, but longer times should work.  Every time you click submit under semester setup, ALL TIMEBLOCK DATA RELATED TO A ROOM IS DELETED, NO MATTER THE DATES ENTERED.


Notes:

Permissions are based on  column 4 ("role") on Excel Spreadsheets rosters.  "student"s have the ability to take -open- timeblocks, to assign their own timeblocks to others, and to -open- their timeblock for anyone to take.  "instructor"s from the roster have the ability to assign any timeblock to anyone, or use 2 special options: -reserved- and -shared-.  -reserved- causes a text area to appear in which anything can be written, such as "Jazz Combo", "Stucker's naptime", etc.  -shared- allows an instructor to type in a series of usernames, seperated by spaces, of students to share a timeblock.  Any of the students sharing the timeblock can give up the timeblock on behalf of everyone who shares the timeblock.  Once a timeblock is no longer -shared- it remains that way until an instructor changes it to -shared-.


Excel spreadsheets are parsed into the database using columns:
1: Real Name
2: username
4: role: student or instructor

The top row is ignored, because it contains column titles.  A  mid-worksheet blank row is untested: avoid it.  If Oncourse ever exports rosters in a different format, this script should be updates, obviously.

As a (former?) student, I'd highly recommend using 1 or 2 hour time blocks for every room.  Longer times will cause wasted time, especially because the ability to pencil in lines is not avaliable as it was on paper.

